
Contribution
============

Continuous improvement is one of the reasons this project is open sourced. And without contributions by researchers/developers it won't be possible.

Contents

* Different ways to contribute to this library?
* What things are needed to start contributing?
* How to?

Different ways to contribute to this library?
---------------------------------------------

You can contribute in various ways.

(1) Improving or adding documentation - Documentation is the heart of any public library. It helps people understand the library and makes it easy to use. Our goal is to make library easily consumable. If you find something missing, incorrect or inappropriate in the documentation in any part of library and you know the better way to do the same, feel free to contribute your code or even thoughts.

(2) Adding/improving example codes - If you have a working example code and proper description supporting it which you have created using the library, please contribute it so that other researchers/developers can use it.

(3) Improving the core library - You have a better algorithm, architecture or even simple quick working code that can enhance the existing core library, please contrbute. Only thing that matters is the contribution and not the lines of code.

(4) Raising issues and bugs - If you have found an edge case for certain input or execution environment configuration and you have done several tests for the same. Please report this on Github as an issue and it will be immediately taken care by the development team.

What things are needed to start contributing?
---------------------------------------------

Three things - source code of library (which you already have), your changes and git.

How to?
-------

Make your changes. Changes to existing file or new source/header should reflect the copyright notice with your individual/laboratory/company name and email at start of the file. Add and commit them to your local repository (using 'git add' and 'git commit') with proper description in commit message. Create a patch (using 'git diff').

Email it to one of the maintainers from the MAINTAINERS file with proper subject and body with detailed description supporting the patch.

By contributing you accept and your code is licensed under GNU GPLv3.